1. Language:
Java


2. List the tools you looked at before selecting this tool:
I looked at stackoverflow for recommendations. I chose the first that stood out.


3. Tool selected for using:
FindBugs


4. Why this tool:
This was recommended as a good Java static analysis tool. The website and manual
looks professional, the application has a GUI, and it is relatively easy to run.


5. Which software project did you analyze?:
I chose a software project I wrote for an AI class. It implements several search
algorithms on a game.


6. Provide details of software.

a. a SLOC:
719 lines

b. Domain:
Console application


7. What problems did you face while using this tool?:
It was user-friendly, but I had a couple minor problems. First, the file types it
asked for was confusing, as it did not mention .class, which I use. Second, a
strange fact is it requires not the source files, but the directory of the source
files, in order to show lines of code in the analysis.


8. Did the tool find any false positive warnings, and how many:
At least one, but I am pretty sure a second one warning is not relavent to my code.


9. Did the tool report some warnings which were actually bugs, and how many:
No real bugs were found, but there were some good practice suggestions.


10. Did the tool miss some bugs which you already knew were actually bugs, and how many:
No. My program is already working, and I know of no bugs.


11. Discuss your overall experience with using this tool:
Overall, I would call this a positive experience. Using the tool is surprisingly simple.
Just download, then run the GUI, and finally select the javabytes and source files, and
it works. The analysis took a couple of seconds for a few hundred lines, which is fine
for small or medium projects. The content in the warnings are sometimes not useful, but
did give some good suggestions for good programming practice, such as using %n instead
of \n in a formatted string. However, I did not run it on a project I am currently
testing, so I can't see how well it catches bugs.
